== <span style="color:#54bc7f;">K</span> ==

'''K’reg A’drukka''': one of his most important political decisions was to create a Governing Council

'''Kalnovich''': the self-proclaimed “Dread Lich” and Lord of Covenant

'''Kalnut''': a swamp tuber

'''Kalnut Mash''': a light brown food that is similar in texture to mashed potatoes and is made from butter, eggs, milk, and Kalnut tuber.

'''Karste''': Leviathan Bay nation that is most known for its dedication to the freedom of the common person

'''Kartagess''': A city on the eastern end of the archipelago, on an island known as the Hag’s Eye.

'''Kedrathé''': Half-Sarth/Half-Human

'''Kennyston''': 

'''Khernobolg''':

'''Khu’untaz Frozjil''': The first to hold the throne of the Frozjil Dynasty.
'''
King’s Crossing''': 

'''King’s Highway''': The major roadway in the southern area of the Zyranthean Republic. 

'''Klaugh (klow)''': A hideous amalgamation of different mosses, lichens, molds, and fungi that have been stewed and fermented to make a rudimentary alcoholic beverage. Particularly favored by Forest Goblins. 

'''Kondazoog''': 

'''Korinogg''': the seat of government for all of Magdronog

'''Koruptéon''' (kōr•up•tē•on): The Spectre Moon. About the same size as Vixen but virtually invisible for most of the year. On certain days, it appears with a variety of fearful exhibitions. 

'''Kryshal trees''': 
'''
Kyn’or''': lies out of sight, hidden underground or glamoured with subtle magicks to prevent even the citizens who live there from discovering the darkness lurking at its rotten core

== <span style="color:#54bc7f;">L</span> ==

'''Lavré''' (lo•vrā): An incense burner used by a Hanataz Seeress. 

'''Leafenfeld''': the eastern half of Andvalla’s great southern growing region

'''Leviathan Bay''':

'''Lizardfolk''': 

'''L'ocket Ranch:''' Found near Etholmm and current home of the L'ocket family. 

'''Lorewood trees''': 

'''Lumberfish''': 

'''Luneós''' (loo•nā•ōs): Silver-white moon that is orbited by the Three Dancers comets. 

== <span style="color:#54bc7f;">M</span> ==

'''Magdronog''' (mag•drō•nog): Loosely bound coalition of Orokonoids and Gargants that have settled in the northern reaches of West Verdestia. West Verdestia after having conquered the sovereignty of Calanta. 

'''Maggotspit Marsh''': A comparatively small stretch of swampland at the northern end of the Falcontail peninsula

'''Malthus Wolf Tavern''': A well-regarded tavern in the town of Nevermore. 

'''Malvendyr''': 

'''Middlinn''': being the lands east of the Mystrune River, south of the Mithril River, and north of the Wyrdwater River

'''Middynigh''': 

'''Miners Guild:''' A loose coalition of artisans and miners, mostly Crown Dwarven, who reside in Trundadelve and Sundervulden. The Guild was formed to keep the delving traditions alive and maintain relations across the length of the Wyrmrest mountain range. 

'''Mistwallow''': 

'''Mistwood Hollows''': Savage forestlands that border the King’s Crossing and play home to the Unseelie Court of Vennomis. 

'''Mithril River''': fed by the magnificent Redgold Falls and winds through the lands to join with the mighty Mystrune River

'''Moon Island''': the center island that is shaped in a backward “C” it is here where the great fruit plantation Yisael is settled.

'''Moonsacallin''': 

'''Mount Nefrious''': Known for the wicked magical distortions emanating from the mountain continued long after those elsewhere faded away.

'''Murkendown Island''': where pirates dwell and, it is said, many ancient ruins guarded by fearful creatures may be found.

'''Murkflow River''': A magically blighted flow that runs from the desolation that is Mu’uz Derron and combines with the Wyrdwater River in Blackrot Bog. 

'''Mu’uz Derron''' (mu•ooz dār•on): A fearful monument to ages past. A permeating miasma of potent magics surround the tattered mount which seems completely out of place with the surrounding countryside. Only the bravest dare to tread there. 

'''Myruun '''(mī•roon): Ocean-going people with aqua-colored skin that stand about as tall as a Dwarf. Though there is no relation between the two, they have been erroneously labeled as Sea Dwarves by the less informed of society. 

'''Mystranic cood''': 

'''Mystranic Ocean''' (mis•tran•ik): This enormous expanse of water connects the western coasts of Nordrukka, Verdestia, and Sundestia with the eastern coasts of Estrenia and Zustrenia. 

'''Mystrune River''' (mis•troon): A large river that flows southwest out of the Wyrmrest Mountains, diagonally bisecting the Republic of Zyranthea before flowing around the grand city of Darkenhaven to pour into the Mystranic Ocean from the city’s cliffside perch.

'''Mythdancers''': 

== <span style="color:#54bc7f;">N</span> ==

'''Naetherlunn''': a place fraught with great evil and mystery
'''
Narchemies''' (nor•kem•ēz): Mind altering potions and substances that are produced by dark alchemists (Narchemists). They are often highly addictive and may have serious side-effects. Also called Narchems. 

'''Narlsenroots''': 

'''Narthendel''': the northeastern region of the Republic and abuts the Wyrmrest Mountains

'''Naukratis''': a distillation of all the strange and mysterious things that set the nation apart from its peers on West Verdestia

'''Natrulus''' (na•troo•loos): The fifth deific plane which is governed by Lawful Neutral. 

'''Nereids''': 

'''Nether War''':

'''Netherflow''': Corruption Magic. Also called the Deviauus (dē•vē•o•oos). 

'''Nethershade Valley''': A ruined and deadly canyon that was formed when the Woe of Ruin blasted apart the magicks contained within the now destroyed Ethernic city of Salium and the derelict, floating city of Amysthal. Amysthal now hangs precariously above the planet, canted sharply and is rumored to be inhabited by unknown abominations. 

'''Nevermore''': A larger town in the more southerly reaches of the Republic of Zyranthea. 
'''
Night fairies''': 

'''Night radish''': 

'''Nightclimbers''': 

'''Nighwalkers''': 

'''Nixies''': 

'''Nordrukka''' (nōr•droo•ku): Frigid and wild, this small northwestern continent is where savage Orokonoid and Gargantuan tribes originate, and serves as the launching point for their many raids. It is a dangerous place where the frigid tundra is as likely to kill travelers as a band of raiders. 

'''Nornwell''': the northern border region of Andvalla, produces significant amounts of lumber, as it borders several major forests

'''Nuul''' (nool): The Nothinglord, ruler of the void and one of the four lords of corruption. 

'''Nuvea’dunadra''' (noo•vā•u•doo•no•dru): Dark Elf city in the Underdelve beneath Verdestia. A resplendant Duna'hadrine dominated city in the Zyanduun lying beneath the border area between the Republic and Andvalla.

'''Nymphs''': 

Nytsenshadd''' (nīt•sen•shod): The house of Dark Fay’aree that make their home in the wild forest called the Mistwood Hollows that surrounds the King’s Highway. They routinely terrorize travelers. 

== <span style="color:#54bc7f;">O</span> ==

'''Oldcross''': situated at the best crossing of the Elgen River, on the road to Trundaunag’s Gap, and close to the border between Andvalla and the Republic, it has served as an important crossroads for as long as anyone can remember

'''Oozenfoul Marsh''': a recent feature upon the landscape of West Verdestia, only appearing in the years after the Woe of Ruin, when the Redspire Mountains were raised up out of the surrounding Shadow Hills

'''Ora’agoru''': Half-Goruund/Half-Orc

'''Ordrin''': The offspring of a coupling between an Elf and an Orc. Though something of a pariah amongst civilized society, they are nonetheless surprisingly pleasing to the eye in most cases and undeniably strong. 

'''Orneri''': Half-Orcs

'''Orokonoid''' (or•ok•ōn•oid): A collective term describing these closely related species: Orcs, Goblins, Hobgoblins, and Bugbears.

'''Otherniverse:''' All of creation that ''wasn't'' brought about by the maker, AvovA. The concept of such existence has produced a legion of heated debates in science and religious circles alike.